hey get skin fits from napa autocare
sitters would women oughta know and
today we are talking about two very very
important things talking about tire
pressure with ase certified technician
brian from neff auto care centers and
we're also talking about the tire tread
and health in and dangerous that can get
exactly these are the two most important
things on the tires the easiest thing
that women need to be checking or even
all the men for that matter to tire
pressure is important because that right
there in today's economy is the number
one thing four miles per gallon keep
your tires inflated it rolls easier the
easier the car rolls the better gas
mileage is going to get so while you're
looking at your tire pressure checking
them at least monthly you want also look
at the tread condition a couple the
easiest tricks are to the old penny
trick the old winkin head you take a
penny and you measure the tread with it
it's the easiest thing to do but you're
looking about 2 30 seconds to tread and
you're also looking for evenness we're
across the tire so those are things you
need to look at monthly if you do have
your regular tire where you want to get
your tires check for an alignment
possibility suspension problems but you
need to look at the tires at least
monthly so it really is just as simple
as that and can you show us sure tire
pressure is one of the easiest thing to
check unis need a standard tire pressure
gauge a lot of service stations have
them and how they easy to do is to check
the pressure with it you can find what
your tires supposed to be inflated to
most time there's a sticker on the door
on the inside driver's door there's a
decal that will tell you what the front
tire pressure and the rear tire pressure
speed for that vehicle manufacturer
which is important to find it's really
easy to do you take the tire gauge you
take you find your valve stem cap you
remove the cap you insert the pressure
gauge on there you read the gauge this
one here is at 36 pounds which is
perfect for this vehicle when it comes
to measuring tire tread what you're
going to do is you want to look across
the tread you're looking for even where
all the way across not just the middle
but you want to look at the outside and
the inside of the edge you're going to
take Lincoln's head on the penny and
you're going to insert it into the trip
if you can see
Lincoln's head completely showing above
the tread it's time to talk about
replacing your tires and also something
else that we should be concerned about
is rotation now can you explain that to
us correct one of the important things
is as you're looking at your tires you
want to make sure to have your good
tires on the front of the vehicle
because that's going to be the driving
force in rain and soft Road conditions
you want to have the most traction on
the front so when you're looking at your
tires you're looking for even tire wear
what you want to do at that point time
is a good rule of thumb is to have your
tires rotated every other oil change or
five to six thousand miles take it into
any napa autocare center there's close
to 60 of them in Atlanta to have them
inspected if you don't want to do that
part of it but check your tire pressure
is something that women can do and
that's what women ought to know for
today and if you'd like to see a segment
just click on the button below and
request one or if you're looking for a
napa auto center location click on the
button below I'm Kim fits for Atlanta's
greatest hits 1067